# Team Sync - January 28, 2026

## Attendees
- Sarah Chen (Product)
- Marcus Williams (Engineering)
- Lisa Park (Design)

## Agenda

### 1. Q1 Roadmap Review
- Feature freeze scheduled for Feb 15
- Beta launch targeting March 1
- Need to finalize API contracts by EOW

### 2. Technical Debt
Marcus raised concerns about the authentication module:
- Session handling needs refactoring
- Token refresh logic is fragile
- Estimated 2 sprints to address

### 3. Design System Updates
Lisa presented new component library:
- Dark mode support added
- Accessibility audit complete (WCAG 2.1 AA)
- New icon set ready for implementation

## Action Items
[ ] Sarah: Send updated timeline to stakeholders
[ ] Marcus: Create tech debt tickets in Jira
[ ] Lisa: Share Figma links for new components
[ ] All: Review competitor analysis doc by Friday

## Next Meeting
February 4, 2026 @ 2:00 PM PST
